sjia has leukemia and needs urgent
treatment
appr but Israel's war and blade on Gaza
is a stopping that his mother can only
watch as her son's condition
worsens my son s was a normal boy he was
a very good student he fell sick two
months ago I took him to the hospital
and they diagnosed him with leukemia he
can't walk and started using a
wheelchair two weeks ago he is in
constant pain we give him a dose of
morphine to relieve his pain and to let
him sleep he now lives on
painkillers Yin is also suffering from
malnutrition at Al AA Hospital in Dar
balah he's not alone there are
malnourished children everywhere here
and doctors say they can't cope there is
no food no healthy food no proper uh
health
services in all Gaza Strip this leads to
more complicated
cases the says children are starving as
Israel continues to block the entry of a
humanitarian Aid into Gaza according to
the UN more than 20 children have died
of malnutrition in the north alone and
31% are acutely malnourished as a result
of Israel's war and restrictions that
completely contradict intern national
law gazans again are on the brink of
famine as malnutrition among
Palestinians continue to spread so fast
due to the lack of all kinds of basic
humanitarian and medical supplies where
disease and even malnutrition are a
deadly compination T abum Al jaaz darl
balah
Palestine Alexandra sea is head of
humanitarian policy and advocacy at save
the children she says the catastrophic
humanitarian situation in Gaza could and
should have been
avoided Gaza is witnessing the worst
some of the worst levels of malnutrition
of child malnutrition especially
worldwide right now and it's what's
calling is that it's entirely man-made
um children in Gaza are being starved
they're being deprived of Clean Water
they're being deprived of um adequate
medical assistance and this is all being
fueled by the systematic obstruction of
humanitarian Aid and the ongoing
hostilities to give you an example there
was a medical point in t Sultan that was
um addressing malnutrition and that had
to close this past week due to the um
attacks that we saw in the area um and
so because of the ongoing hostilities
because of the ongoing bombardment and
because of the uh uh systematic uh and
continued obstruction of humanitarian
assistance we fear that there is now
going to be an acceleration
of deaths due to malnutrition starvation
disease and dehydration possibly even
higher than what we are already seeing
already what we're seeing is just the
tip of the iceberg the numbers that have
come in of children who have died of
malnutrition these are just the numbers
of children who have managed to reach
medical points and have had their deaths
recorded we actually fear that already
the situation is much worse I mean back
in March the UN warned of famine
and uh we have not as humanitarian
organizations been given the access to
save off that famine and so we expect
the situation to get worse and in the
South we fear that the famine likee
conditions that we saw in Northern Gaza
earlier this year are making their way
and may already be present in southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer